readme.md, before:

# From mini JS/TS projects to a production-grade full stack application

## 🏁 Welcome

Thanks for checking this repo.

This repo attempts to showcase my journey from building simple and small projects to writing a production-grade full-stack application, using some of the best resources out there.

🎯 The goal is to serve as a collection of projects to reference in order to :

- Review of a concept
- Look up a solution to a problem
- Get an idea of a well-structured project and more...

It is also supposed to serve as a guide for learning how to code.

**If you want to follow this guide, please be sure to cover the basic concepts first. Only move on to the projects section once you're happy you've understood the topic you're working on.**

Feel free to explore the codebase to get the most value out of the repo.

I'll do my best to blog about my experience building each project, by writing about the workflow, technical choices, and talking through the code.

## ⚠️ Disclaimer

_A word of caution_: This is not intended to be the best or the only way to write code. It is an opinionated guide that shows how to do some things in a certain way. If you decide to follow this guide, you are not forced to do everything exactly as it is shown here, decide what works best for you and stay consistent with your style.

## Table of contents

- [🥋 Language mastery]
- [🌿 Git and Github]
- [💻 Building UI]
- [📟 Terminal Usage]
- [🛰️ Creating API]
- [🛢️ Databases]
- [🔒 Security, Infrastructure and scalability]
- [🐬 Docker]
- [☁ Aws & Cloud computing]
- [🧪 Testing]
- [🏢 Production-grade fullStack Application V1]
- [🎤 Interview prep] **Bonus!**

## 🍺 Contributing

- Please give me a :star: on Github, it **helps**!
- You are more than welcome to submit a different solution to one of the projects or submit a project around a topic or a concept of your interest
- Pull requests are always welcome! If you have any ideas, suggestions, fixes, feel free to contribute. You can do that by going through the following steps:

1. Clone this repo
2. Create a branch: `git checkout -b your-feature`
3. Make some changes
4. Test your changes
5. Push your branch and open a Pull Request

## ✏️ Author

Feel free to contact me at <mailto:hermann.kan@proton.com>

- Website - [my website](https://www.hkf.com)
- Github - [@hermkan](https://github.com/hermkan)

## 🔥 P.S

**Have fun building!** 🚀

Commit message:

docs(updated readme): udpated readme
Updated readme notes for  foundations/intro, foundations/types, foundations/scope

readme.md, after:

# From mini JS/TS projects to a production-grade full stack application

## `🏁` Welcome

Thanks for checking this repo.

This repo attempts to showcase my journey from learning programming concepts and building simple and small projects to writing a production-grade full-stack application, using some of the best resources out there.

`🎯` The goal is to serve as a collection of notes from courses I've been taking and projects I've built that can be referenced in order to :

- Review of a concept
- Look up a solution to a problem
- Get an idea of a well-structured project and more...

It may also supposed to serve as a "guide" for learning how to code.

**If you want to follow this "guide", please be sure to cover the basic concepts first. Only move on to the projects section once you're happy you've understood the topic you're working on.**

Feel free to explore the codebase to get the most value out of the repo.

I'll do my best to blog about my experience building each project, by writing about the workflow, technical choices, and talking through the code.

## ⚠️ Disclaimer

_A word of caution_:

_These notes might be incomplete and/or contain mistakes._

_I'm maintaining it in my spare time, so if you find mistakes, please help keep this repo up-to-date by contributing._

_Also, this is not intended to be a programming course. As mention above, it's a collection of notes from actual programming courses I've been taking and projects I've built. If you decide to follow this "guide" you are not forced to do everything exactly as it is shown here, decide what works best for you and stay consistent with your style._

_Thanks!_

## Table of contents

- [`🥋` Language mastery]
- [`🌿` Git and Github]
- [`💻` Building UI]
- [`📟` Terminal Usage]
- [`🛰️` Creating API]
- [`🛢️` Databases]
- [`🔒` Security, Infrastructure and scalability]
- [`🐬` Docker]
- [`☁` Aws & Cloud computing]
- [`🧪` Testing]
- [`🏢` Production-grade fullStack Application V1]
- [`🎤` Interview prep] **Bonus!**

## `🍺` Contributing

- Please give me a :star: on Github, it **helps**!
- You are more than welcome to submit a different solution to one of the projects or submit a project around a topic or a concept of your interest
- Pull requests are always welcome! If you have any ideas, suggestions, fixes, feel free to contribute. You can do that by going through the following steps:

1. Clone this repo
2. Create a branch: `git checkout -b your-feature`
3. Make some changes
4. Test your changes
5. Push your branch and open a Pull Request

## `✏️` Author

Feel free to contact me at <mailto:hermann.kan@proton.com>

- Website - [my website](https://www.hkf.com)
- Github - [@hermkan](https://github.com/hermkan)

## `🔥` P.S

**Have fun !** 🚀
